README.md, before:

# 🚀 Greetings! I'm faytug, an SDET & Automation Specialist 👋

I am a dedicated **Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)** focused on leveraging **Behavior-Driven Development (BDD)** and modern automation tools to guarantee high-quality software delivery.

My Goal: To architect and maintain **sustainable, reliable, and highly maintainable test automation frameworks.**

---

### 🛠️ Core Competencies & Tech Stack

These badges represent the technologies and methodologies where I possess strong expertise:

[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)
[![Reqnroll (SpecFlow)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reqnroll%20(SpecFlow)-BDD-31845B?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp)](https://reqnroll.net/)
[![Selenium WebDriver](https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium%20WebDriver-Automation-43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium)](https://www.selenium.dev/)
[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-Platform-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java)](https://www.java.com/)
[![Cucumber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cucumber-BDD-10A145?style=for-the-badge&logo=cucumber)](https://cucumber.io/)
[![Page Object Model](https://img.shields.io/badge/POM-Pattern-FE7A15?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Page_Object_Model)
[![NUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/NUnit-Testing-832F85?style=for-the-badge&logo=nunit)](https://nunit.org/)
[![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/YAML-Config-CB171E?style=for-the-badge&logo=yaml)](https://yaml.org/)

---

### ⚙️ Automation & CI/CD Mastery

My proficiency extends beyond coding, covering the entire lifecycle of a robust automation solution:

| Domain | Expertise Highlights |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Framework Architecture** | Designing modular, **Page Object Model (POM)** and **BDD/Gherkin** based frameworks using C#/.NET and Java. |
| **CI/CD Pipeline Setup** | Implementing automated **Workflows (Pipelines)** using GitHub Actions. Proficient in configuring **`.yaml`** files for build, test execution, and reporting phases |
| **Environment Management** | Setting up flexible configuration for multi-environment execution (**Dev, UAT**) with parameterized control over browser choice (Chrome, Edge) and Headless modes |
| **Server Administration** | Configuring necessary test environments and dependencies on CI/CD runners and servers (e.g., GitHub Runners) for seamless execution. |
| **Reporting & Quality Assurance** | Generating detailed **ExtentReport HTML** reports and automating **Mail Content Generation** for clear, actionable failure/pass metrics to stakeholders. |
| **GitHub Governance** | Establishing and enforcing branch protection rules and effective Pull Request (PR) merging workflows. |

---

### 📈 My GitHub Activity (Dynamic Stats)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=faytug&show_icons=true&theme=dark&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="Faytug's GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=faytug&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

### 📬 Let's Connect!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](**[www.linkedin.com/in/fatih-aytug]**)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Get%20in%20Touch-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:**[fatayt@gmail.com]**)

---

Commit message:

Enhance README with server admin details and links
Updated README to include server administration expertise and corrected badge links.

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Greetings! I'm faytug, an SDET & Automation Specialist 👋

I am a dedicated **Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)** focused on leveraging **Behavior-Driven Development (BDD)** and modern automation tools to guarantee high-quality software delivery.

My Goal: To architect and maintain **sustainable, reliable, and highly maintainable test automation frameworks.**

---

### 🛠️ Core Competencies & Tech Stack

These badges represent the technologies and methodologies where I possess strong expertise:

[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)
[![Reqnroll (SpecFlow)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reqnroll%20(SpecFlow)-BDD-31845B?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp)](https://reqnroll.net/)
[![Selenium WebDriver](https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium%20WebDriver-Automation-43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium)](https://www.selenium.dev/)
[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-Platform-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java)](https://www.java.com/)
[![Cucumber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cucumber-BDD-10A145?style=for-the-badge&logo=cucumber)](https://cucumber.io/)
[![Page Object Model](https://img.shields.io/badge/POM-Pattern-FE7A15?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Page_Object_Model)
[![NUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/NUnit-Testing-832F85?style=for-the-badge&logo=nunit)](https://nunit.org/)
[![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/YAML-Config-CB171E?style=for-the-badge&logo=yaml)](https://yaml.org/)

---

### ⚙️ Automation & CI/CD Mastery

My proficiency extends beyond coding, covering the entire lifecycle of a robust automation solution:

| Domain | Expertise Highlights |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Framework Architecture** | Designing modular, **Page Object Model (POM)** and **BDD/Gherkin** based frameworks using C#/.NET and Java. |
| **CI/CD Pipeline Setup** | Implementing automated **Workflows (Pipelines)** using GitHub Actions. Proficient in configuring **`.yaml`** files for build, test execution, and reporting phases |
| **Server Administration** | Proficient in configuring and utilizing a Self-hosted Runner on a Windows Server for GitHub Actions, ensuring test environments requiring private network access are managed effectively |
| **Environment Management** | Setting up flexible configuration for multi-environment execution (**Dev, UAT**) with parameterized control over browser choice (Chrome, Edge) and Headless modes |
| **Server Administration** | Configuring necessary test environments and dependencies on CI/CD runners and servers (e.g., GitHub Runners) for seamless execution. |
| **Reporting & Quality Assurance** | Generating detailed **ExtentReport HTML** reports and automating **Mail Content Generation** for clear, actionable failure/pass metrics to stakeholders. |
| **GitHub Governance** | Establishing and enforcing branch protection rules and effective Pull Request (PR) merging workflows. |

---

### 📈 My GitHub Activity (Dynamic Stats)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=faytug&show_icons=true&theme=dark&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="Faytug's GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=faytug&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

### 📬 Let's Connect!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](**www.linkedin.com/in/fatih-aytug**)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Get%20in%20Touch-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:**fatayt@gmail.com**)

---
